# REPLY Challenge - Team "Strivers"

## Introduction

Welcome to the repository of Team "Strivers" for the REPLY Challenge. In this competition, our team participated in an international coding challenge organized by Reply, showcasing our problem-solving skills and teamwork in a fast-paced environment.

## Event Details

- **Date:** March 21, 2024
- **Time:** 16:30 – 20:30 CET
- **Team Size:** 4 members
- **Prize Pool:** € 10,000 for the winning team, € 4,000 for the second-place team, and € 3,200 for the third-place team.

## Team Members

- Rajesh.k
- Divya
- Mohammed Vaseem
- Yokesh.A

## Competition Format

The competition lasted for four hours, during which participants tackled algorithm-based problems using their preferred programming languages. The challenges tested our problem-solving abilities and coding proficiency under pressure.

## Objective

Our primary goal was to design an algorithm to solve a problem scenario provided by the organizers. We aimed to maximize our score by efficiently navigating a grid system while collecting points and minimizing costs.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   - git clone https://github.com/your-username/reply-challenge.git
  
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   - cd  Reply


3. Install any dependencies required by the solution (if applicable).

## Usage

1. Run the reply.py script or executable to execute our solution.
2. Provide input files as arguments or utilize sample input files provided input.txt
3. Review the output generated by our solution, output.txt

## Results

Our team secured 499 points and achieved 252nd place out of 1844 teams globally. We are proud of our performance and the lessons learned during the competition.

## Acknowledgments

We would like to express our gratitude to Reply for organizing this challenging and rewarding event. Special thanks to our university community and the LiveWires club for their support and encouragement throughout our participation.


